chore: update neutron links and env vars (#99)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/tutorials/integration_tests.md

## Environment variables you can redefine

```
APP_DIR - applications directory where Neutron, Gaia and Neutron query relayer are located
NEUTRON_DENOM - neutron network denom
COSMOS_DENOM - gaia (cosmoshub) network denom
IBC_ATOM_DENOM — ibc ATOM denom

> IBC_USDC_DENOM — ibc USDC denom

Reviewer: Maybe we should point out that these IBC denoms are fake?

> IBC_ATOM_DENOM — denom of a native token which is considered as an IBC transferred ATOM
> IBC_USDC_DENOM — denom of a native token which is considered as an IBC transferred USDC

Reviewer: Maybe this version will be better, it is up to you to decide:

```suggestion
IBC_ATOM_DENOM — denom of a native token which is used as a fake IBC transferred ATOM
IBC_USDC_DENOM — denom of a native token which is used as a fake IBC transferred USDC
```
